GIT:
1.How can you see the last 5 commits?
Git log  (It will list out all commits)
Git log -5 (last 5 commits)
Git log  --since=2.weeks (last 2 weeks)
git log --follow[file]   Example: Git log –follow sample.txt
  (commit list on specific file)
2.How can you list out all the branches in remote repo?
Git remote show   :list out all the branches in remote repo
Git branch -a     : list out all branches
Git branch  -- list out all the branches in local repo
Git branch test  -- create a new branch with “test”
Git branch -d test  -- Delete the test branch
3.What are the Branching strategies used in your organization?

4.Diff b/w Pull and push
Push: This command sends the branch commits to your remote repository.
Git push origin master   -- origin is default remote repo.
Git push origin –all   -- This command pushes all branches to your remote repository.
Pull: This command fetches and merges changes on the remote server to your working directory.

5.What is Rebase?
6.What is reset?
7. checkout :
Git checkout branchname -- used to switch from one branch to another
Git checkout -b branchname -- creates a new branch and also switches to it.
Terraform:
Diff b/w Provider and Provisioner?
How can you find the syntactical errors in Terraform?
Diff b/w resource and data source?
Diff b/w Plan and apply?
Where you maintain .tf state in your project?
If  you tell remote machine/s3 bucket or etc.., he asked me that where you will give that configuration in Terraform?
Where you will maintain the credentials in terraform?
Ansible:
What is location of inventory file?
How to deploy single task in a playbook to a node/machine?
Tell me few ansible modules?
Diff b/w task and play?
How to create a folder and place a file with content “Hello world” using ansible modules?
Tell me one scenario where ansible you used in your organization?
Where you will maintain the credentials in Ansible?
How can we use handlers in ansible?
Where you can give permissions to sudo users?

Jenkins:
How to maintain security in Jenkins?
What is default location of Jenkins jobs?
How many ways you can trigger the jobs in Jenkins?
What are the up streams and down streams for Jenkins?
Tell me about master and slave system?
If we have 1 master machine and 3 slave machines. How to build the particular job in my 2 slave not in 1 and 3 slaves?
Sample groovy script..
CI and CD process?
Maven goals?
Diff b/w install and deploy?
Diff b/w package and deploy?
What is POM file?
Where you will maintain artifactory?
What is Label in Jenkins?

AWS:
Write sample Cloud Formation template?
Diff b/w IAM roles and users and groups?
What is ECS?
How can you create a VPC?
What is Elastic bean stalk?
How to deploy the CFT?


Infy questions:
What is NAT instance?
Diff b/w Reserved and on demand instances?








